RN 13.0.3 to Preview (#1487)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.0.3.md

## Microfrontend Composer

### Back-Kit Library

The new version `v1.5.4` of the back-kit library is available!

Refer to back-kit [changelog](/microfrontend-composer/back-kit/changelog.md) for finer-grained details of new versions.

#### Improvements

##### Exposed `customEvents` property of form modal and form drawer components

It is now possible to add a new prop to the components `bk-dynamic-form-modal` and `bk-dynamic-form-drawer` called `customEvents` which takes the name of the event that the component will listen to and the mode which can be 'insert' or 'selected'.

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### API Portal

We are excited to announce the release of API Portal version 2.0.0! 

This new version features an upgraded interface based on Swagger UI, providing enhanced support for all functionalities of the OpenAPI 3.1 specification.  Please note that there are a few breaking changes in this release. We strongly recommend reviewing the [updated documentation](/runtime_suite/api-portal/20_configuration.md#how-to-migrate-to-v2) to understand these changes.

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `x.x.x`.

Author: chart to be inserted

You can perform such action in the `Monitoring` tab of each Microservice's details page.  
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/microservice-monitoring.md).

### Bug Fix

This version addressed the following bugs:

* fixed a bug that prevented the correct view of an iFrame extension when switching among two different iFrame extensions;
* fixed a bug that caused a malfunction in the display of the Deploy area.

## Microfrontend Composer

### Back-Kit Library

The new version `v1.5.4` of the back-kit library is available!

Refer to back-kit [changelog](/microfrontend-composer/back-kit/changelog.md) for finer-grained details of new versions.

#### Improvements

##### Exposed `customEvents` property of form modal and form drawer components

It is now possible to add a new prop to the components `bk-dynamic-form-modal` and `bk-dynamic-form-drawer` called `customEvents` which takes the name of the event that the component will listen to and the mode which can be 'insert' or 'selected'.

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### API Portal

> We are excited to announce the release of API Portal version 2.0.0! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce the release of API Portal version `2.0.0`! 

```

:::caution
Anyone wishing to use API Portal version `2.0.0` to visualize CRUD Service documentation should update the latter to the latest patch of major 6 (`6.10.2` at the time of writing) or to the latest patch of major 7 (`7.0.3` at the time of writing), given the new, improved way of handling OpenAPI specification errors in the API Portal.
:::

#### CRUD Service

The new version `7.0.3` of the CRUD Service is available!

##### Bug Fix

* Fixed projection example in json schema generator
* `serializerCompiler` has been added to use explicitly fastifiy-fast-json, along with `AdditionalCaster`
* `$eq` operator can now be used also for array fields
* `/-/schemas` accept header defaults to `application/json`
* `/schemas` and `/-/schemas` endpoints now return also `required` property

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `x.x.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.4.0-rc.6`.

```
